well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we got to talk about a
sua stand again with everything going on
all over the world we've kind of forgot
about this country and we need to look
at it again over the last month the
regime has denied international
inspectors entrance to the country
they're refused to allow ICC
international criminal court staff visas
that allow them to enter the country
they have also threatened judges with
the ICC in an attempt to dissuade them
from investigating or prosecuting the
nation's war crimes in a recent conflict
because of a lack of faith in the the
regime in the government of a sua stan
military recruitment numbers have fallen
the response from the regime is to begin
targeting children for recruitment
children as young as 16 international
law dictates that those involved in
hostilities must be 18 years or older
provinces within a suicide have enacted
legislation that prevents military
recruiters from entering campuses so the
military has designed a digital campaign
to target children over the weekend
protesters and rebels clashed with
security services all over the country
the clashes stem from the security
services sweeps targeting a social
minority group the conditions in which
those of that group are held once
captured are so horrendous and the
sexual abuse so widespread that
religious institutions within the nation
have begun sheltering those being
targeted
the regime's leader Don Joe Trump has
been asked to step down by the centrist
party within his own government it is
unlikely that he will do so and he will
attempt to maintain the the reins of
power in this nation for as long as
possible
in case you haven't figured it out
a suah stan is not a real country a
Suzanne is a way I used to demonstrate
how the media would cover events in the
United States if they occurred in any
other nation particularly those that in
a in the stand all of this stuff is
happening in the United States this is
what's going on we need to remember as
we continually say it can't happen here
that we believe that in large part
because of mass media and has just
demonstrated the media doesn't really do
a good job of accurately portraying how
similar our government is to the
government's we refer to as temp a
dictatorship this is all the us the
targeting of child soldiers refusing
international inspectors trying to
disrupt investigations into our own war
crimes concentration camps
anyway it's just a fault
now I have a good night